In the previous lesson I use js fiddle to play
around with vue js with a minimum set up
and it allows you to follow along easily.
Now in this lesson I want to show you how the
set up vue js locally. Firstly you need to choose
the location where you want to put your vue js application.
In my case I'll put it in desktop. Then here
let's create a new folder and I'll call it vue app
Now we can open our favorite code editor.
In this case I'll be using Atom which is my
another favorite editor. Back to desktop
and here we can simply drag the folder
into our editor then let's create new file
and let's call it index dot HTML.
Let's create HTML 5 boilerplate.
Here I have Emett plug in install so that I can type
html colon 5 and then hit tab to generate HTML
five boilerplate
If you're using visual studio code editor the
emmet extension has installed by default.
Now let's switch back over to our browser. Here in HTML section
we can copy everything back to our editor
here in body just paste the code.
Then here we can move the script tag
inside the head tag
or we can place it on the bottom before body closing tag.
Let's switch back over to our browser
and here in the script section
Let's copy everything
and then here let's add another script
and paste our vue js script inside.
Save let's switch back to our browser.
And here we can run our vue js application by open a new tab
choosing File menu then open file and then choose the html file.
OK here our vue js application working like in js fiddle.
But still we load the vue js file from cdn.
Now let's also put the vue js file as a local file. In order to do that
let's switch back over to vue js official guide. And
here we will find two buttons for our development
we need vue js development version which will gives us
extra warnings and errors during our development.
Production ready app
we can choose this production version button.
All right let's hit this development version
and then here I'll save into vue app and to make application organized we can create new folder here I'll call it
js and then hit save.
Now here we can change the script
source with our local vue js file.
Now if we reload the page we will got the same thing
as before but now we load the vue js file locally.
Now if you're using Atom like me
you can install plugin called atom live server. This plugin
allows you to launch a development local server
with liver reload feature.
Similarly if you're using a visual studio code editor
you can install extension called live server which
has a similar feature. So let me close this tab then I'll switch to my code editor and here I can start live
server by hitting the packages menu choose atom live
server then choose start server. Once it's run it will
open our project in new browser's tab.
Now if I change something here
And then save
here the change reflected immediately and
I don't need to reload the page manually.
And that's something called live reload feature.
So that's how you could set up the
vue js locally. In the next lessons
we're going to learn a lot more about
vue js. So I'll see you in the next lesson.